The Certificate's final course consisted of a Data Science Capstone called **SpaceX Falcon 9 first stage Landing Prediction**. As written in the Capstone's notebooks:

> In this capstone, we will predict if the Falcon 9 first stage will land successfully. SpaceX advertises Falcon 9 rocket launches on its website with a cost of 62 million dollars; other providers cost upward of 165 million dollars each, much of the savings is because SpaceX can reuse the first stage. Therefore if we can determine if the first stage will land, we can determine the cost of a launch.

The first task was to collect the corresponding data using the SpaceX API, as well as Web Scraping methods and then perform necessary Data Wrangling procedures. Having collected and prepared the data, Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) was performed, both in terms of Data Visualization, as well as SQL queries using IBM's Db2 instance. The Data Visualization process also involved the creation of interactive objects, namely Folium maps portraying the locations of the launch sites and their distance to specific points on the map, as well as a Dashboard using Plotly. The final step was the deployment of a suitable classification model, in order to predict the success rate of future successful landings. The deliverable for this project was a PowerPoint presentation, showcasing all of these methods as well as the results obtained.

Note: All relevant .csv files can be downloaded from the links applied inside the Notebooks. For completeness, I've included them in a separate folder here, so that anyone can use them to reproduce my results in the future.
